README.md, before:

# Rails Latest Migration

Adds a shortcut for quickly opening up the latest migration in your Rails app.

Ported over from my Sublime Text plugin by the same name: [Rails Latest Migration - Sublime](https://github.com/alexpls/Rails-Latest-Migration).

[Find Rails Latest Migration on the atom.io package manager here.](https://atom.io/packages/rails-latest-migration)

Usage
--
### Via Command Pallette
1. Open up your Rails project *(note: for the plugin to work the project must have been opened in Atom at its root)*.
2. Bring up the command pallette (CMD+SHIFT+P on Mac, CTRL+SHIFT+P on Windows).
3. Type in "latest", and select "Rails Latest Migration: Find" from the list.
4. And there it is, your latest migration!

### Via keymap
1. Open up your Rails project *(note: for the plugin to work the project must have been opened in Atom at its root)*.
2. Type "CTRL-CMD-l", and there it is, your latest migration!



Thanks
--
Thanks to @jonathansimmons for suggesting this plugin, and providing me with the Atom beta invite that allowed me to build it!

Commit message:

Just some housekeeping - updated license and readme

README.md, after:

# Rails Latest Migration

Adds a shortcut for quickly opening up the latest migration in your Rails app.

Ported over from my Sublime Text plugin by the same name: [Rails Latest Migration - Sublime](https://github.com/alexpls/Rails-Latest-Migration).

[Find Rails Latest Migration on the atom.io package manager here.](https://atom.io/packages/rails-latest-migration)

Usage
--
### Via Command Pallette
1. Open up your Rails project *(note: for the plugin to work the project must have been opened in Atom at its root)*.
2. Bring up the command pallette (CMD+SHIFT+P on Mac, CTRL+SHIFT+P on Windows).
3. Type in "latest", and select "Rails Latest Migration: Find" from the list.
4. And there it is, your latest migration!

### Via keymap
1. Open up your Rails project *(note: for the plugin to work the project must have been opened in Atom at its root)*.
2. Type "CTRL-CMD-L", and there it is, your latest migration!

Thanks
--
Thanks to @jonathansimmons for suggesting this plugin, and providing me with the Atom beta invite that allowed me to build it!

License
--
The MIT License (MIT) - for more info see [LICENSE.md](https://github.com/alexpls/rails-latest-migration-atom/blob/master/LICENSE.md)
